Let's take a look at the project starter code.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to start the app and set up the API,
and then we'll take a tour of the repo and
its structure and show you where you'll be writing your code.
At the end, we'll take a look at the ways that you
can improve the project and make it your own.
For this project, the API is written to be a black box.
You don't need to edit anything in it.
We compile the API into a binary and it will run on a separate terminal tab,
just like a Node server.
To start it, we need to run this command.
Simply select your operating system from
the list and then run the command associated with it.
When you do that, you should be able to see that
the program is running and that terminal tab is taking over.
Then in another tab,
you can start the front-end by running npm start.
Once you have both the API and the front-end running,
you should be able to see the page on localhost: 3000.
Here you can see that we have some base HTML setup for you.
If you click the "Start My Race" button,
you'll come to the first page.
But the options to create a race are not available yet,
and that's because your first task will be to make
the API request to add these options to the front-end.
So let's take a look at where your code will go and the structure of this repo.
First, you'll see that we have a server folder
which has the index.js file that will run the front-end.
You don't have to do anything here,
but it might be nice to know where it is.
In the client folder,
you'll see that we already have some style sheets and JavaScript files created for you,
as well as some base HTML pages.
In the JavaScript folder,
we have the main file where you will be doing your work.
This file already has a lot of code written for you.
Any code marked does provided should not be removed or edited,
everything will work if this stays the same.
But your tasks are marked with TODOs,
they have a comment explaining what you should do at each stage.
Your main task in this project will be to fill out these TODOs with your own code.
As you do that, you should be able to play through more and more of the game.
As some advice for getting started,
I would suggest starting by reading through
this entire file to see how much you can understand.
Second, it's probably helpful to build
each step as you need it by playing through the game.
Here you can see that I don't have the options to select a race or a racer.
So it would be a good idea to start with
the API requests that will let me see those options.
All of the API requests take place here at the bottom.
Now let's talk about how you can make this project your own.
When I created my example for this project,
I decided to theme it as Star Wars.
But you can theme it as whatever you want.
Here you can see that all of my options,
racers, and CSS are styled to a theme.
You can do the same with anything that you'd like.
Hopefully, you'll find this project to be both fun and challenging as it
forces you to use all of the asynchronous concepts we've learned in this course.